---
layout: post
members: [powell, lori, pat, sara, mike]
---
# Treasurer’s Report
$19,848

# Old Business
Harrison Sailor has been cleaning the sidewalks and brick walls.  Estimated completion is 9/6.

Pat notified the homeowners at Hibbard and Welsh to trim around the stop sign..  It looks like the homeowners completed the trimming.

Board positions:

Treasurer Sara:
* Annual budget for the year
* pay bills
* reconcile the checkbook monthly
* check the mailbox at Mailboxes and More (by DQ) twice a month
* respond to title company request for outstanding HOA dues on closing of home
* track HOA due collection and reminder notification of delinquent homeowners

President Pat
* Publish the agenda before the board meeting to the board members.
* Respond to homeowners requests.  For example home improvement approval, questions, …
* Chair the HOA board of directors meeting
* Annual newsletter: create, make copies, include in dues statement letter
* Notification via email for pressing neighborhood business.
* Welcome new homeowners (roster, cc&r, cookies)

Secretary Powell
* Write minutes and post to web site
* Webmaster
* Maintain and publish roster, envelopes, etc for annual distribution

Backup treasurer Lori
* Sign checks
* Mailbox retrieval

Landscape liaison Mike
* Monitor and coordinate with landscape maintenance
* Backup for responding to homeowner requests (see president item)

Outreach member Paul
* Present any neighborhood issues to the board

# New Business
* Approved flower donation for bereaved homeowners for a max of $50.
* Request for approval for 3876 NW Loy Ct, Install 6-7 ft Kousa Dogwood trees right side of garage door: approved
* Suggestion for a free little library.  It would take a neighbor to host it.

# THHA Picnic
* Pat send a flyer via email this week
* Pat will hand deliver the flyer two weeks in advance
* Wine - 4 bottles of white, 4 bottles of red
* Water - 9 gal Sara
* Lemon Water - 9 gal Pat
* Lemonaid - 9 gal Lori
* Beer - 2x 5 gallons Powell
* Ice - 4x 20lb bags + beer ice Powell
* 24 hot dogs, one box veggie burgers Mike
* chairs and tables - Lori
* decorations purchase - Lori
* flowers - Mike as available
* Paper products - Pat
* 1 grill - pat
* Main dishes, mac salad Roxies - Pat
* Yellow jacket traps in advance - Sara

# Meeting Adjourned
About 8:30 pm.

# Next Meeting Schedule
Monday Oct 5
