---
hidden: true
layout: post
members: [powell, lori, pat, mike, paul, heather, rose]
---
# Treasurer’s Report
$19,339.63

Two homeowners' dues still outstanding:  
- Emma Franks has still not responded to dues statement,  She's no longer a resident but we don't know if mail is being forwarded to her.  I will connect with Heather to see if she has an idea of how to connect with Emma, who is her neighbor.
- Paul will connect with his neighbors who are renting to see if dues statement had been forwarded to the owners, Perry Cui or Tina Zhu?

# Old Business
I'll confirm with Heather to see if she's connected with the new neighbors at 12340 NW Welsh Drive.  And I'll let her know we've also decided to welcome the people who are renting the home at 12517 NW Welsh Dr (Cui/Zhu home) since they intend to reside there long term. 

# New Business
We've decided not to have a neighborhood picnic in September because of uncertainty about what will be acceptable for large gatherings at that time.  We may plan something for later -- perhaps a holiday gathering with hot beverages and holiday theme -- Thanksgiving/Christmas/New Years?.

We agreed that we'd rather keep the existing street light now rather than take the chance of PGE disrupting the existing plantings and/or leaving behind the cement stump and exposed wiring like they did last time.  We don't want to have to deal with "fighting" about who is going to be responsible for it or incur the expense ourselves.  Nor do we think it's responsible to waste money on having them remove it when it's not offensive at this point. Also, many neighbors have expressed their appreciation for having had it re-installed.   I will speak to Marjorie about our decision.

Mike will ask Artemio to plant begonias at the entrance.  It may be too late because he may have already purchased something else.  If that's the case, we'll live with what he's chosen.  We'll also agree to pay extra if the begonias cost more. 

# Meeting Adjourned
About 8:30 pm.

# Next Meeting Scheduled
Monday, July 6

